=head1 NAME

App::TestOnTap::Args - hidden flags

Commandline options and arguments understood for TestOnTap processing

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 testontap
    [ --_help ]
    [ --_pp ]
    [ --_pp-output <path> ]
    [ --_pp-force ]

=head1 OPTIONS AND ARGUMENTS

All options can be abbreviated, as long as they are unambiguous. Option matching is case
sensitive. Forcibly end option parsing using '--'.

=head2

This documents some 'hidden' flags, generally because they're somewhat particular and/or
not ready for prime time...

The regular verbose flag may be used to raise verbosity one or more levels. 

=over

=item B<--_help>

Displays usage and help with options/arguments. If given, nothing else will be done.

=item B<--_pp>

Signals that it should generate a binary using PAR::Packer (must be installed first).
If given, this option causes all other options to be ignored (apart from the accompanying '--_pp-*' flags below).

Note that this can not be used when you already run a binary.

=item B<--_pp-output E<lt>pathE<gt>>

If this option is not given, a default name of the binary will be computed and placed in the current directory.

The default name is the script name, the version number, the os, the arch and for Windows, the '.exe' suffix.

  Examples:
    testontap-0.123-windows-x86.exe
    testontap-0.123-linux-x86_64

If the given path doesn't exist, assume it is the actual full path and filename.
If the path is an existing directory, use the default name above and write it to the directory.

If the ultimate name already exists, an error will be thrown. See the force flag to ignore that check in order
to overwrite.

=item B<--_pp-force>

Setting this option will cause the existing file to be deleted before a new is created.

=back

=head1 MORE HELP

For full information on TestOnTap, see the L<manual|App::TestOnTap>, or use I<--manual>
or run I<perldoc App::TestOnTap> to see the manual page.

=cut
